hello YouTube are another video here of
new design that is being showing up on
different websites yes you can call it a
concept design of the samsung galaxy
note 3 as you can see right there I have
it next to the samsung galaxy note 2
this particular design that I created
it's a six-point and three inches and as
you can see the vessel on the sides it's
really really thin so it looks like
you're going to get more screen but not
necessarily making the phone too big or
too tall as France expects the rumor
that he's been going on it's about two
point gigahertz octa-core or hate cores
4 gig of ram 13 megapixel rear camera
1080p display battery life or milliamps
between 4,000 to 4,500 million battery
so those are the main specs i also
created guys 6 6.5 inch screen which I
have right here this is the older design
that is being showing up and as you can
tell they of course a 6.5 looks beer but
also wider the 6.5 looks pretty much
almost the same as the galaxy note 2
right now except for a bigger screen a
little bit wider and of course the specs
are going to be way better but if you
look at the these design here of the 6.5
versus a 6.3 I will have to say
my opinion I would rather go with this
one because this is looking like a
little too wide to hole in the head so
if I can show you here it's really
really hard to reach on the other side
to try to access a the phone keypad or
any application that you have on the
left side of the screen so if i hold the
six point three inches it's a little
more comfortable I'm still able to reach
on the other side and as a matter of
fact it might be a little bit thinner
from side to side done the samsung
galaxy note 2 those because of the thin
thin and vessel also let me show you
another domination that i created of the
samsung galaxy s4 so as you can see the
samsung galaxy is for concept design
it's a 5-inch screen so you can tell
right there that it looks a little bit
smaller than they know too as far as
aspects of that one i believe they are
talking about 1.5 a quad-core processor
2 gig of ram 13 megapixel camera battery
life i believe it's a 2600 milliamp to
30 100 million possibly and the display
is also 1080p so anyways guys that was a
quick video comparison sizes just to
give you an idea of the all these
designs or concept designs that are
showing up almost every week something
differentials up so we can get a better
idea of how these how big these phones
when I look like
comparing to the samsung galaxy note 2
that it's available right now after
using the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 since it
came out back in November for what four
or five months I love love lock the
phone love the battery amazing phone
happy with the camera with the video
camera too so I can only imagine how
much better it's gonna be the samsung
galaxy note 3 so one more time guys the
quick comparison here so this is a note
to between the s4 concept design years
with the 6.5 inch I mean 6.3 inch side
by side
and here's with the 6.5 inch
and now these two together
so anyways guys thanks for watching I
hope it helps at least just to give you
an idea what to expect in terms of the
size thanks for watching